1-Display the details of all employess.
2-Display the depart information from department table.
3-Display the name and job for all employees.
4-Display the name and salary for all employees.
5-Display the employee no and totalsalary for all the employees.
6-Display the employee name and annual salary for all employees.
7-Display the names of all the employees who working in depart number 10.
8-Display the names of all the employees who are working as clerks and drawing a salary more than 3000.
9-Display the employee number and name who are earning comm.
10-Display the employee number and name who do not earn any comm.
11-Display the names of employeees who are working as clerks , salesman or analyst and drawing a salary more than 3000.
12-Display the names of the mployees who are working in the company for the past 5 years.
13-Display the list of employees who have joined the company before 30-JUN-90 or after 31-DEC-90.
14-Display current Date.
15-Display the list of all users in your database(use catalog table).
16-Display the names of all tables from current user.
17-Display the name of the current user.
18-Display the names of employees working in department number 10 or 20 or 40 or employees working as clerks, salesman or analyst
19-Display the names of empployees whose name starts with alaphabet s.
20-Display the employee names for employees whose name ends with alaphabet s.
21-Display the names of employees whose names have second alphabet A in their names.
22-Display the names of the employee whose names is exactly five characters in length.
23-Display the names of the employee who are not working as managers.
24-Display the names of the employee who are not working as salesman or clerk or analyst.
25-Display all rows from emp table . The system should wait after every screen full of information.
26-Display the total number of employee working in the company.
27-Display the total salary beiging paid to all employees.
28-Display the maximum salary from semp table.
29-Display the minimum salary from emp table.
30-Display the average salary from emp table.
31-Display the maximum salary being paid to clerk.
32-Display the maximum salary being paid to depart number 20.
33-Display the minmum salary being paid to any salesman.
34-Display the average salary drawn by managers
35-Display the total salary drawn by analyst working in department number 40.
36-Display the names of the employee in order of salary i.e the name of the employee earning lowest salary should salarty appear first.
37-Display the names of the employee in descending order of salary.
38-Display the names of the employee in order of employee name.
39-Display ename , ename , deptno,sal sort the output first base on name and within name by deptno and with in deptno by sal.
40-Display the name of the employee along with their annual salary(sal*12). The name of the employee earning highest annual salary should appear first.
41-Display name,salary hra,pf,da,total salary for each employee. The output should be in the order of total salarty,hra 15% of salary , pf 5% salary , total salary will be (salary+hra+da)-pf. 
42-Display depart numbers and total number of employees working in each department.
43-Display the various jobs and total number of employees within each job group. 
44-Display the depart numbers and total salary for each department.
45-Display the depart numbers and max salary for each department.
46-Display the various jobs and total salary for each job.
47-Display the various jobs and min salary for each job.
48-Display the depart numbers with more than three employees in each dept.
49-Display the various jobs along with total salary for each of the jobs where total salary is greater than 40000.
50-Display the various jobs along with total number of emplyees in each job. the output should contain only theose jobs with more than three employees.
51-Display the name of the employee who earns highest salary.
52-Display the employee number and name for employee working as clerk and earning highest salary amount clerks.
53-Display the names of salesman who earn a salary more than the highest salarty of any clerk.
54-Display the names of clerks who earn a salary more than the lowest salary of any salesman.
55-Display the names of the employees who earn highest salary in their respective departments.
56-Display the names of the employees who earn highest salaries in therir respecive job groups.
57-Display the employeee names who are working in accounting department.
58-Display the employee names who are working in Chicago.
59-Display the job groups having total salary greater than the maximum salary for managers.
60-Display the names of employees from department number 10 with salary greater than that of any employee working in other department.
61-Display the names of the employees from department number 10 with salary greater than that of all employee working in other departments.
62-Display the names of the employees in Uppercase.
63-Display the names of the employees in Lowcase.
64-Display the names of the employees in Propercase.
65-Display the length if Your name using appropriate function.
66-Display the length of all the employee names.
67-select name of the employee concatenate with employee number.
68-User appropriate function and extract 3 characters starting from 2 characters from the following string 'Oracle'. i.e the output should be 'ac'.
69-Find the first occurance of character 'a' from the following string i.e 'Computer Manitenance Corporation'.
